Good morning, family, and welcome back.
It's Brandon and Diana again, and we are blessed to have you here.
We were looking forward to this, weren't we?
I believe God has some work for us to do in the spirit realm.
Somebody sent me a video from Kim Clement.
They asked, 'Hey, did you see this, Brandon?
Did you see this video?
' I said, 'No, I've never seen this video before.
' He talked about the oak tree.
The Lord showed me four massive oak trees, and I've tried to interpret it myself the best I can because I still don't know what it means.
I saw four oak trees and I thought it meant four years, but like I said, you do not assume you know anything or speculate about the spirit whenever it comes to what He's showing you.
It takes time to pray it out, and He doesn't give you the whole interpretation all the time really quick.
Sometimes it takes months; sometimes it may take years to get the whole thing.
But when he came on there and started talking about the oak tree and a new energy source, I was like, 'What is this, the oak tree?
' I'm like, that is not a coincidence that he's seeing an oak tree.
I saw four massive oak trees and I thought, 'What is this, Lord, that You would show that man of God, before he went home to be with You, about the oak tree, and then You come and tell me four oak trees?
' He didn't understand what he was seeing either; he didn't have the whole interpretation of it, but he saw oak trees, the acorn, and then he saw x p, but he didn't see the middle letter.
Then the Lord showed me, while driving down the road, about x p, but I won't give the other one because this is not financial advice.
But I saw that certain thing going above $10,000 and I saw it going to $5 quickly.
The Lord told me that this would be big like Apple or Microsoft; it would be the new dot-com era that's coming, a new dot-com era was coming through digital platforms.
It would be a supernatural wealth transfer coming through certain things.
I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, I believe we are seeing President Trump step on the scene with Elon Musk, and we are seeing people who have a different way of thinking, who are not your average Joes, who have brilliant minds.
The Lord told me there was a Solomon-type of an anointing that was coming on Trump in a greater magnitude in this next four-year term for the wealth of the sinner laid up for the just, and that it would come as they bless Israel.
People don't like that part of it, but there was the covering of the blessing of Israel, like He said: 'Those that bless Israel, I will bless, and those that curse Israel, I will curse.
' The blessing, as you bless Israel, comes on America in a different light.
People say, 'I thought you saw a crash.
' I did.
Can some of that be averted?
I have no idea.
All I know is that I see a covering, and things are different when I pray over it now more than they've ever been, even more than earlier this year.
Coming in 2024, the warnings that I was getting got pushed back.
I'm telling you, it's been prayer.
Prayer changes things.
People go, 'Well, I don't understand that.
' Well, you don't know the Spirit; you don't understand the Holy Spirit.
You don't understand that the heartbeat of the Father is grace; the heartbeat of the Father is love.
He's not a bully; He's not the mafia paying off the mafia with your tithe so the bully doesn't beat you up.
Most people think, 'Well, I've got to do this so I rebuke the devourer.
If I don't, then the devourer is going to eat me and the mafia is not going to protect me.
' It's the mentality of how they see Him, as if He is not a God of love, but He's a God of judgment.
People think God's mean, but God is a God of love.
The more you fall in love with Him as your Father, as your great Creator, as your friend, as your El Elyon, as your Jehovah Jireh, as your everything that you know He is, the more He becomes real to you and you realize He is compassion.
Yes, He's correction, but He says He corrects those He loves.
Love never fails, and love sometimes is a spanking; we need it sometimes as the body of Christ.
Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
We see what the Scriptures say: 'If My people, who are called by My name, will humble themselves and pray.
' But do we believe what the Scriptures say, that we will hear from heaven and He will heal our land?
He said, 'I was watching the month of October.
My people cry out for mercy in Washington and all around the world, praying for a God-fearing man, praying for a person that I had chosen to put in for such a time as this.
' And now He said, 'I've heard that, and the balance of the scales—I've given you more time.
' He's giving a season more of grace.
He keeps talking about this four years.
What are you going to do with the next four years?
Are you going to go back into your slumber and your spiritual sleep, or are you going to win the lost?
'I've given you some time.
What will you do with this time?
A reprieve,' He called it.
'I'm giving you a reprieve, America.
' I'm telling you, God is rich in Mercy.
When we pray and He sees His kids praying, just like we do with our kids, how much more is our heavenly Father good to give good gifts to us?
I think it's Matthew 7:11.
He's not up there with a big hammer; He's going, 'Come to Daddy, I want to love on you.
' He wants to have a passionate relationship with you where you wake up every morning and say, 'Good morning, Holy Spirit; good morning, Jesus; good morning, Father.
' Now we see a window of blessing and what I've seen turn around in prayer.
The enemy and his goons are trying to push their agenda against God's agenda, trying to speed up the Antichrist agenda, bringing a major world war.
The Lord said, 'We want to stop this; we want a revival.
' I've seen the house of cards fall; I've seen it come through the debt ceiling.
But I'm telling you, after I saw what Prophet Kim Clement saw about x p and the oak tree back years ago, I thought, 'Lord, You've had a plan the whole time.
' After some people have been praying over x p and the oak tree for over 10 years plus, I went, 'This has been a plan.
' He gives us a little piece of the puzzle all of the time.
Now we know what the middle letter is; we know it's x p and something else, but he didn't know.
Isn't that amazing?
Somebody sent us that in an email and it blessed me.
It gives me clarity and confirmation.
We still don't know what the oak tree represents, but I have a glimpse of what x p means to me.
I'm praying over what it will do.
The Lord is showing me that there is a wisdom on Trump to turn things around for the body of Christ, that we will have our window of revival and a glorious outpouring of the Spirit like we've never seen before.
I saw a grace explosion.
I saw transgender people sitting in the back because of the glory, people being desperate and hungry, wanting to experience the presence of the Lord.
They were showing up to churches in their outfits and their rainbow-colored hair, taking those wigs off and weeping before the Lord.
They were men dressed up like women, giving their hearts to Jesus Christ.
Most churches are so anti-all-that, but the Lord said, 'Brandon, I desire for every man to have the opportunity to get born again—not to stay in the sin, but to have an opportunity to change.
' People are just hurting and deceived, walking like a goose in the fog.
All we have to do is bring the anointing of the Holy Spirit and be that salt and light, laying hands on the sick and seeing them recover.
I saw major Hollywood stars come because of the revival, breaking the chains.
They are seeking drugs and perversion to fill that void, but the only thing that's ever going to fill that void is Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit.
He came to set the captives free.
I'm talking about a relationship like you have with your wife or husband, but even greater—a peace that passes all understanding.
When they see that the healings are authentic and not put on...
let's just be real.
If you've got issues, let's work through them.
Don't try to bury it.
Just be real.
When you get real with God, God will get real with you.
Quit pretending and playing church.
We're all a work in progress.
Stop pretending and being full of pride.
Get yourself right; come up higher.
I just felt the Holy Spirit say all this.
I had nothing really planned, but it came up out of me to tell you there's a great revival coming.
The Lord called it a great grace explosion.
He said, 'Where sin abounds, My grace does much more abound, Brandon.
' He said, 'I'm going to give one last push, a great grace explosion, not judgment.
' It's something beyond anything you can comprehend.
We don't realize the compassion He has for us.
It makes me go, 'Man, these people deserve hell,' but God said, 'I want to show them love.
' Remember when the Sons of Thunder wanted to call down fire?
He said, 'You don't know what spirit you are of.
' He wanted to show them love.
I've seen a great revival coming, and I know what the Lord is showing me about finances.
There is a great blessing coming.
We've got to pray against this war and the Antichrist agenda trying to stop the move of God.
I believe we can turn things, just like He said He's giving us more time, a season of extended grace.
He said, 'People will say you've missed it, but you haven't missed it.
I've given more time.
' There will be a major crash in the economy and the house of cards will fall, but do not rejoice when it falls; remain humble.
If they ridicule you, just keep speaking what I want you to say.
I know beyond a shadow of a doubt I've heard Him.
I can miss timing just out of growing and learning, but when I say I've seen something, I don't fabricate it.
Some of it you can stop with prayer and some of it you can't.
It's for me realizing how much more God's grace is for us.
He allowed me to see inside of Him, and I could see there was no beginning and no end.
He said, 'I'm going to allow you to see in the depth of Me.
' Those diamonds and sapphires, all those jewels on the crown of His head...
I could see the glory.
God is light, and in Him there is no darkness at all.
The closest I've ever been was when He visited, and I said, 'Lord, You've got to veil this because I feel like my spiritual eyes are going to melt.
' But I could see the dove come out of Him and flow over the top of us.
I don't share all of this because it's private.
The experiences we've had are priceless.
I know most people would be jealous if I told them the depth of it, but I keep that private.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Lord, we know You love us, and we just yield to that love today.
Become real to every single person watching through demonstrations and manifestations of Your glory.
It will pop like popcorn, You said.
'I will save Hollywood.
I will save Elon Musk.
' A great move of the Father is coming.
Father, I thank You that we are the harvesters.
You asked me, 'Will you help me bring in the harvest?
' We will be bold for You.
When we lay hands on the sick, we want to see results.
We want to see the blinded eyes open, the deaf ears open, the lame leap, and those who weren't able to speak—their tongues will move again.
Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
We have a treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power will be known of You and not of us.
Make that so real in our spirits today.
We pick up the cross and follow You.
If You'd use a donkey to warn the prophet, You can use me.
We thank You for a fresh touch of Your Holy Spirit today.
We want today's mana, a fresh manifestation of the glory on our houses.
I want authentic—real authentic—in our lives.
We take authority right now over this war and over the plans of the enemy through certain key leaders, from Emmanuel Macron to Putin to Biden.
If it need be, like Ananias and Sapphira, I thank You that You would do whatever it takes for the removing of bad leadership.
This will not take place, and millions of lives will be saved.
I'm giving you extended grace for a harvest.
We will see a mighty move of Your presence, even greater than what You did for the children of Israel.
This will be the generation that ushers in the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, the former and the latter rain together.
We are going into the backfields to bring in the lost ones, going after the ninety-nine, going after the one.
Give us a special anointing to minister to the lost and lay hands on the sick.
We show that Jesus Christ is love and that He loves unconditionally.
We call forth Elon Musk and Taylor Swift; we pray for their souls.
They need to have a revelation that they need Jesus.
The blinders are coming off of their eyes in the name of Jesus.
They will use their celebrity for the glory of God.
They'll be the biggest billboard for You.
This is a time of great acceleration of seedtime and harvest.
All the bad seeds we've sowed, we call crop failure over them in Jesus' name.
We pray acceleration over the good seeds.
People will say, 'How did this happen?
' and we'll say, 'It was all Jesus.
' I thank You that the people coming across Elon Musk's path are born again.
Visit him even in the midnight hour.
We will use Starlink to get the internet out to the people, and there will be a great transfer of knowledge from biblical principles.
I thank You for a move of Your Spirit in Asia, in North Korea, South Korea, and over the underground churches in China.
It would spread like fire all throughout Asia.
Behold, You are doing a new thing.
What are we going to do for this generation, for the millennials and all the younger people?
I call them saved.
They're like moths to a light.
Father, we thank You that You will diffuse this war in Jesus' name.
We ask for the Spirit of the Lord to move on Vladimir Putin's heart today and on Zelenskyy's heart today, that they come to an agreement of peace or remove the people out of the way.
I pray wisdom over President Trump to turn things around.
We call forth his advisers, even Elon Musk, that he would have supernatural wisdom to help bring America out of the hole.
Make this country godly again, not just great again.
Stir in the churches, the pulpits, the pastors, the prophets, and the evangelists.
Let's have a supernatural manifestation of the glory, one more time like they did in Azusa Street.
I call peace right now over these areas and over the holiday Christmas shopping.
I say, in the name of Jesus, any kind of plan concerning inauguration day will not come to pass.
All hidden things be revealed.
We take authority over any kind of terrorist attack or division.
We call forth the FBI, CIA, and Homeland Security—the good, godly ones—to have supernatural wisdom on how to protect this nation.
Divine protection over President Trump, his wife, his kids, and his grandkids.
Let all corruption be brought to justice.
It's like turning a light on in a kitchen and all the cockroaches scatter.
We're swatting them with a big flyswatter, spraying them with Holy Ghost raid.
We move the demonic strongholds, the principalities, and the powers out of the way.
We will rise up and take our place like Joshua and Caleb.
People will get a backbone.
We pray over President Trump, and we thank You that Joe Biden goes and retires now.
We pray he finds You, same with Kamala Harris.
You told me great, embarrassing things were coming for her because of the seeds they sowed.
In the process, I ask that she would find You.
Like Kim Clement said, 'You tried to put a witch in the White House, but we blocked it.
' Trump will be a trumpet.
This is the time we've all been waiting for.
This will be an America that prays again.
I don't want to see a financial crisis; I thank You that You always provide for Your beloved.
Amen.
We pray for every one of you to have a healthy, blessed day.
Whatever you have need of, Jesus paid the price.
We call you delivered from all sickness and disease.
We pray over every offering, 30, 60, 100-fold.
We thank You that You anoint them to prosper.
We're blessed in the city and the field.
We pray over the lady trying to breastfeed her child, that the milk ducts would drop and her supply would be in abundance.
That baby would latch on properly.
If any babies have tongues that are tied, they become untied in the name of Jesus.
Be like a Jersey cow, an abundant supply.
I don't know why I heard that, but I just heard that—a supply like a Jersey cow, a gallon a day if need be.
A full-belly baby is a happy baby.
Someone out there is believing for an adoption.
We call the finances in for that and supernatural favor to find a child.
Children are our inheritance.
Doors will open where they need to.
We stand with you today.
Everybody who doesn't have a child but wants one, we stand for that—that they will conceive in the name of Jesus.
The reproductive systems will function.
The ovaries and the womb will be the perfect home for this baby.
No cysts on the ovaries.
We call for the fruit of the womb.
I saw a Holy Ghost glow on the wombs of the women.
No miscarriages; the anointing is going over your uterus right now.
Polyps being dissolved.
Generational curses broken.
I heard polyps.
So Father, we pray over the colons and the uteri—all polyps be dissolved.
No cancer of the colon or uterus.
I call healing over the sphincters.
Yes, it's a uterus thing too—endometrial polyps.
We call that to dissolve in the name of Jesus.
Uterine polyps.
We call them gone.
Cycles to be regular.
They will sleep soundly—no more torment or depression from SAD.
Healing over thyroids.
No Seasonal Affective Disorder.
Their serotonin levels are normal.
We speak life over your serotonin and dopamine.
We command the spirit of depression to go.
Be delivered from anxiety and fear.
We renew our minds with the Word of God.
We call for healing over people's legs—cramping and gout.
I call healing over that calf and restoration over the knee joint, the cartilage, the tendons, and the ligaments.
New joints in the name of Jesus.
I see a rotator cuff being healed and whole, no more pain.
We take authority over arthritis and rheumatoid arthritis in the hands and knuckles.
Deliverance comes now.
Blood disorders are being healed right now.
The power of the Holy Spirit is driving out leukemia.
The fire of the Lord drives it out.
I felt it.
The Holy Spirit moved.
It's Days of Heaven on Earth.
They're coming.
Watch what I'm going to do, says the Spirit of the Lord.
Draw close to Me and come up higher.
It's a time of great acceleration.
It's time to soar.
My perfect love will cast out that fear.
Listen to Me; freshness will flow.
Go into all the world and bring deliverance to the captives.
It will require you to come up higher every day.
It needs consistency.
I want to dedicate my time for that too—consistency.
Well, I'm glad I showed up today.
I hope you are too.
If you're new here, we do prayer every day.
If you could please like our video and subscribe, click the notification bell.
It helps with the algorithm.
We're trying so hard to grow a million-prayer army.
The Lord said, 'I've mandated you to do prayer every day to have a million people.
' We can change things.
For many—what did he say yesterday?
—'Many hands make light work.
' We're stronger together.
I believe it's time for us to be together and not be divided by all kinds of doctrines of demons, but just rising up and being one body.
I remember Tommy Hicks—I don't remember his name, I think it was him—who had the vision of the giant rising up and the body became one.
It was an end-time vision he had.
I believe with all my heart that Jesus is about to do something we've never seen before.
Isn't it exciting that He picked you and me and my wife?
He said to me, 'Brandon, you're the generation that will not taste death.
' Jesus is coming.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.